	 --Text Reader-- 
To Proceed, Enter the Datatype to use: 
 1.Buffer 
 2.LinkedList 
 > You chose Buffer 
Enter Text: 
Output:                  THE THREE LITTLE PIGS   Once upon a time 
. . . there were three little pigs, who left their mummyand
 daddy to see the world.   All summer long, they roamed thr
ough the woods and over the plains,playinggames and having 
fun. None were happier than the three little pigs, and they
easily made friends with everyone. Wherever they went, they
 were given a warm welcome, but as summer drew to a close, 
they realized that folk were driftingback to their usual jo
bs, and preparing for winter. Autumn came and it beganto ra
in. The three little pigs started to feel they needed a rea
l home. Sadlythey knew that the fun was over now and they m
ust set to work like the others,or they'd be left in the co
ld and rain, with no roof over their heads. Theytalked abou
t what to do, but each decided for himself. The laziest lit
tle pigsaid he'd build a straw hut.   "It wlll only take a 
day,' he said. The others disagreed.   "It's too fragile," 
they said disapprovingly, but he refused to listen. Notquit
e so lazy, the second little pig went in search of planks o
f seasonedwood.   "Clunk! Clunk! Clunk!" It took him two da
ys to nail them together. But thethird little pig did not l
ike the wooden house.   "That's not the way to build a hous
e!" he said. "It takes time, patience and hard work to buii
d a house that is strong enough to stand up to wind, rain, 
and snow, and most of all, protect us from the wolf!"   The
 days went by, and the wisest little pig's house took shape
, brick bybrick. From time to time, his brothers visited hi
m, saying with a chuckle:   "Why are you working so hard? W
hy don't you come and play?" But thestubborn bricklayer pig
 just said "no".   "I shall finish my house first. It must 
be solid and sturdy. And then I'llcome and play!" he said. 
"I shall not be foolish like you! For he who laughslast, la
ughs longest!"   It was the wisest little pig that found th
e tracks of a big wolf in theneighbourhood.   The little pi
gs rushed home in alarm. Along came the wolf, scowling fier
cely at the laziest pig's straw hut.   "Come out!" ordered 
the wolf, his mouth watering. I want to speak to you!"   "I
'd rather stay where I am!" replied the little pig in a tin
y voice.   "I'll make you come out!" growled the wolf angri
ly, and puffing out hischest, he took a very deep breath. T
hen he blew wlth all his might, right ontothe house. And al
l the straw the silly pig had heaped against some thin pole
s,fell down in the great blast. Excited by his own cleverne
ss, the wolf did notnotice that the little pig had slithere
d out from underneath the heap ofstraw, and was dashing tow
ards his brother's wooden house. When he realized that the 
little pig was escaping, the wolf grew wild with rage.   "C
ome back!" he roared, trying to catch the pig as he ran int
o the wooden house. The other little pig greeted his brothe
r, shaking like a leaf.   "I hope this house won't fall dow
n! Let's lean against the door so he can'tbreak in!"   Outs
ide, the wolf could hear the little pigs' words. Starving a
s he was, atthe idea of a two-course meal, he rained blows 
on the door.   "Open up! Open up! I only want to speak to y
ou!"   Inside, the two brothers wept in fear and did their 
best to hold the doorfast against the blows. Then the furio
us wolf braced himself a new effort: hedrew in a really eno
rmous breath, and went ... WHOOOOO! The wooden housecollaps
ed like a pack of cards.   Luckily, the wisest little pig h
ad been watching the scene from the windowof his own brick 
house, and he rapidly opened the door to his fleeing brothe
rs. And not a moment too soon, for the wolf was already ham
mering furiously on the door. This time, the wolf had grave
 doubts. This house had amuch more solid air than the other
s. He blew once, he blew again and then fora third time. Bu
t all was in vain. For the house did not budge an lnch. The
three little pigs watched him and their fear began to fade.
 Quite exhausted byhis efforts, the wolf decided to try one
 of his tricks. He scrambled up anearby ladder, on to the r
oof to have a look at the chimney. However, thewisest littl
e pig had seen thls ploy, and he quickly said:   "Quick! Li
ght the fire!" With his long legs thrust down the chimney, 
thewolf was not sure if he should slide down the black hole
. It wouldn'tbe easyto get in, but the sound of the little 
pigs' voices below only made him feelhungrier.   "I'm dying
 of hunger! I'm goin to try and get down." And he let himse
lf drop. But landing was rather hot, too hot! The wolf land
ed in the fire, stunnedby his fall.   The flames licked his
 hairy coat and his tail became a flaring torch.   "Never a
gain! Never again will I go down a chimneyl" he squealed, a
s hetried to put out the flames in his tail. Then he ran aw
ay as fast as he could.   The three happy little pigs, danc
ing round and round the yard, began to sing:   "Tra-la-la! 
Tra-la-la! The wicked black wolf will never come back...!" 
  From that terrible day on, the wisest little pig's brothe
rs set to workwith a will. In less than no time, up went th
e two new brick houses. The wolfdid return once to roam in 
the neighbourhood, but when he caught sight ofthree chimney
s, he remembered the terrible pain of a burnt tail, and he 
leftfor good.   Now safe and happy, the wisest little pig c
alled to his brothers:   "No more work! Come on, let's go a
nd play!"